what's up guys lay awake yes here and
today I'm doing another texture pack
release and showcase for you guys and
today this is gonna be on my pink pink
plasma texture pack I think it turned
out pretty nice
and I hope hopefully you guys will think
the same and we'll hopefully like it so
start off with the armor thanks to these
new armor stand there's a good way to
display this so although there's default
didn't do anything to that the chain is
that the goal is that the iron is that
the time it is that this one doesn't
have arms because I was too lazy here's
the ender pearl it's pink love the
senator parole it's this pearl itself is
used in a lot of texture packs but I
just recolored it so it was purple I
mean not purple pink here's the fishing
rod I didn't make that particle but I
think it looks nice so I used it because
it has purple and a little bit of a pink
highlight off to the side so that looks
nice it's a fun still compass just
faithful a lot of the items in the stage
back are faithful like this bow or you
won't show the crits yet so yeah here is
the lava here's the water bucket I think
these look pretty cool they were from I
think def escape here's my favorite part
of the pack it's the sword these are my
one of my favorite swords I've done
before they look really nice because
they're smooth and it has like glow
effect in the hilt
it's pinkish purple and the sword also
has a glow effect to it here's what it
looks like from the side it just looks
pretty cool see if I can get down there
you can't really see down there that
well but let's get it I can see it from
that angle better that's what those
would look like here's the iron I love
the way that iron looks the glow effect
is a lot more shiny on this one I
purposely did that on some of them to
make it less or more on some other is
the gold it's like pretty
on it I love these swords I hope you
hopefully you guys will like them to
your kids
I should go pretty nice a pretty smooth
and stuff they're pretty good to PvP
with in my opinion here's the tool that
was faithful like I mentioned before
most the items are faithful that's just
an example and that's another example
all the blocks in this back like the
terrain is from diamond thief snow pack
so all credits to him for these blocks I
thought they looked really nice way
started to use them I do not take credit
for those those are all his those are
all his blocks the hotbar has a little
pink eye light thing to it now here's
the Apple and Golden Apple here is it
non enchanted here is it enchanted and
here is it here it is just closing
normal Apple I think they look pretty
cool
I'm just left this one right because
they don't want to make it any other
color here's the soup in the bowl the
soup is very simple very basic but I
think sometimes that's the best kind of
soup just because it looks pretty nice
and it's basic and I just think it looks
good
here's the mushrooms again from the
snowpack here is the water particles
also are used many times the fire is
pink it's low fire and as you can see
it's pink right there and it is very low
so that's good to PDP with its flowing
lava flowing water here is the what we
call fire pink because the theme of this
pack is pink and now on to the particles
so whoops so these are the traits they
are just speak English almost purple I
guess we'll have small color of purple
to it and here is coming together first
this is just a shout with people and
here is all them together I think it
looks really cool but yeah now on to the
potion
so here we got speed potion and these
are the health these particles are
overused music we going to go with nice
so that's that those are the potions
right there and yeah it basically showed
everything in a texture pack except for
oh yeah these are the buttons
I love these they kind of look like 3d
bulging out of it now here is the GOI
one of my favorite DIYs I've made I
think it looks really cool and has like
pink and purple in the background these
have a cool look to them just kind of
gray I think that works nice just making
sure I showed everything yeah I showed
everything in the psychic bag guys
hopefully you guys will like it let's
see if we can get 40 likes on this
texture pack the last one got 60 so
hopefully that won't be an issue but
hopefully you guys enjoy this texture
pack and the link will be down in the
description and yeah hopefully you guys
like it I think I've said that way too
many times so yeah so yeah